Mail::Miner version 2.1
=======================

If you install Mail::Miner and set it up so that mail is routed through
Mail::Audit::Miner (see the documentation) or piped through mm_process,
then attachments will be replaced by instructions about how to use the
"mm" command-line utility to detach them. You also have a handy database
of all your email that you can prod. :)

See the "mm" tool for more details of how you can search this database
for email addresses, phone numbers, physical addresses, and so on.

INSTALLATION

You will need mysql installed.

To install this module, create a new mysql database according to the
schema in miner.sql, and give yourself access to it. Then type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

Now you have to make sure your incoming mail gets processed by
Mail::Miner. You can do this by putting a pipe to mm_process in your
procmailrc, or, if you're using Mail::Audit, by using
Mail::Audit::Miner. (Included in this distribution.) See the
documentation for that module for more details. 

Next you'll need to ensure that you've set the MM_DATABASE, MM_USER and
MM_PASSWORD environment variables. If MM_PASSWORD happens to start with
a / or a . and a file of that name exists, the password will be read
from a file; if it happens to be a directory, then the password will be
read from $MM_PASSWORD/$MM_USER.

DEPENDENCIES

This module requires these other modules and libraries:

        MIME::Parser
        Date::Manip
        Mail::Address
        Class::DB::mysql
        Lingua::EN::Keywords

SUPPORT

I've released this software because I find it useful, and I hope you
might too. But I am a being of finite time and I'd like to spend more of
it writing cool modules like this and less of it answering email, so
please excuse me if the support isn't as great as you'd like.

Nevertheless, there is a general discussion list for users of all my
modules, to be found at
http://lists.netthink.co.uk/listinfo/module-mayhem

If you have a problem with this module, someone there will probably have
it too.

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2002-2003 Simon Cozens.
GPL & AL.

